hi guys its meeting you again thanks for
subscribing and thanks for all the
emails you guys are really kind people
okay so this is a Q&A video for a
question that I've gotten a lot do you
wrap your hair at night no I used to I
used to take one of those big paddle
brushes I should have brought it over
here whatever one of those big powder
brushes and just brush it all around my
head uh and then use my handy dandy
satin scarf to tie it up but I don't do
that anymore because one side of my head
would hurt i I don't know i can get
breakage but it would just feel a little
I guess tender I don't know maybe I was
a bad rapper whatever but after I
stopped I read on long hair care forums
that I bet you can get breakage in a
certain spot so maybe that's what was
going to happen in that little area I
don't know who knows I didn't like the
paint so I stopped but the question now
is what do you do with your hair at
night what I do is I put it in a bun and
a tie it with up in a scarf I first put
a little coconut oil on the roots and a
little coconut oil on the ends don't
look at the ends I still haven't cut
after the whole debacle from a couple
weeks ago so just bear with me I take it
all I put it up pretty high and I make
the loosest bun in the world do you see
how who studies can you tell that it's
loose okay do you see this rubber band
well summer romance this little hair
thingy it's the loosest thing in the
world it has barely any elastic left to
it so I just take it and I put it around
the bun okay do you see how loose that
is its wobbly wobbly drop that I like is
that uh oh and then I just take this car
and wrap it up I put it high so that
when I'm rolling around
in bed it won't move and whatever so
just kind of put it up here that's
question number one question number two
is clarifying something that I said on
long hair care forums someone asked
someone mentioned that they detangle
only once a week and on the on the board
I said that I'm like not about that I'll
detangle a lot more often I wanted to
just clarify that cuz I got a bunch of
emails and about it I do detangle more
than once a week if it's um it my hair's
curly it's a necessity when my hair
straight I barely put a call through it
it's usually it's once a week that I'll
wash the condition detangle and then
straighten again so when it's straight I
don't comb when it's curly I do comb
often because I don't want to have any
knots and snags from leaving it and
letting it get matted or whatever so I
hope that clarifies that and the next
question you wanted to answer that I've
gotten a lot of emails is what do I do
okay cuz i work out what do i do to keep
my hair from reverting and oh you know
let me get close i hope you can see oh
can you see like the difference house
like a little curly at the base there
and then the rest is just still bone
straight i hope you can tell sea doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo over there okay
so as you can tell not like a
100-percent stickler for everything bone
street that said this is what I do it's
very similar to my nighttime routine
except oh no I don't have my I don't
have any good elastic to me we'll make
it work okay so so what I do throw so
much my nighttime routine I take my hair
up and I put it I put it way up and I'll
be in the gym looking weird but I don't
care
cuz I just don't have to do my hair over
I take it up super high and they make a
very tight bun a very very tight bun and
a tuck the ends under and up away from
my scalp away from all the hair that's
laying flat on the scalp and then I
usually have a very good rubber band but
right now I don't know why I keep
calling a rubber band I usually have a
good hair thingy but right now I just
have this loosey-goosey one so let's see
if it'll work mm okay it's quasi working
but it's enough to show you so I pull it
up I put it real a real tight bun and
I'll take a little coconut oil and I'll
put it just around the edges just for GP
I'll go I'll run I'll work up a sweat
whatever come back out blot around the
edges with the towel or maybe even a
bounty I don't know if that's good or
bad so oh yeah and I'll let it air dry
oh I'll put more coconut oil on after
the run and sometimes use my little
trusty brush if it's like super duper
sweaty I'll just brush it a little bit
let it air dry for a bit and then I'll
put the scarf on and kind of try to
flatten it down when I was working and
working a nine-to-five in me and I had
to I couldn't wear this in a scarf in
the office right after a workout I'm
with the bun back here just really tight
but I noticed that around here on the
side it wouldn't get a straight so and
by straight I mean the way it is now wow
this is after I've worked out three
times gotten pretty sweaty three times
since I've straightened my hair and this
is the result so you can see that I mean
when it's down you can't really tell
that there's any curly pole actually
looks pretty good back there it's just
the front that's a little draggy Jackie
so that's that okay um so yeah that's
what I do for my hair in order to work
out and not have it looking like half
Carly half straight it works for me
hopefully it'll work for you yeah and I
told you what we do at night I explained
the detangling question okay so that's
it i hope that helped and have a great
day bye